Mixed regionals was in Newcastle and we had a fantastic time in a
rather odd venue. This is a compilation of the teams thoughts.


Friday Night

Jamie successfully navigated us to the train station leaving it down
to Steve and Debs to get us to the pub, Steve has a problem with
crossing under railway tracks so instead of walking for 2 minutes we
took the 20 minute scenic route. Then we met Dave ......

We knew something was up when he seemed baffled by the question do we
need tickets and confused as to what side of the station we needed to
be on.

Jess - When we first arrived in Newcastle i was slightly worried that
dave / simon was goin to take us down and alleyway and have his way
with us, but the house of death was much more terrifying than i cud
have imagined

Day One

Jess - With that in mind we had an amazing day on saturday and played
some fantastic ulitmate, winning the first 3 games by generally a
large goal difference. The team seemed to work reli well together and
our zone is fucking awesome

Steve - Zone worked perfectly day 1.

Game 1 Lazzorzz 13  -  Pies 4   1
I can't really remember this game, we battered them. Jamie got a
callahan, I think Dave had a 75 % throw to point ratio at one point.
It was great to see how ruthless we could be. We didn't didn't give
them any space with the disc and when we got it it was only 2 or 3
throws into the endzone. Brilliant way to start the day.
Also some girl punched me in the face.

Game 2 Lazzzorzzz a lot  Duf 2 somewhat less
Dave scored a Callahan from the second throw of the game. Lazorz
played well except for a particularly shit point at 4 - 0.
Analysis from Steve - First couple of games, we just rolled them over
tbh - not much to take away from that

Game 3 Lazzzzorzzzz 12 Fish 6
We were psyched for this game and came out really really hard. Put a
lot of points between us and them before they got used to the zone.
Jess Debs Lola and Rachel completely had the running of their women
and so when ever we conceded we'd pull one back by going 3 girls on
the line. Unfortunately the fact they had got used to the zone came
back to haunt us later.
Analysis from Steve - First game against Fish our zone got repeated Ds
and quick scores first half, then traded as they put blades and roll
curves over our mids.

Game 4 Lazzzzzorzzzzz 10    Jedi 11
The best game I have ever played in. There was some great trash talk
before we started. Jess spent most of the day staring lustfully at the
Jedi boys. They pulled away to start with the score at 7 - 4 we had an
inspiring time out, calmed down and started playing as a team. The
adrenaline was mental I think I did a lot of screaming and had blood
all over my wrist. We pulled things back and had them on the ropes one
point down will a little over a minute to go they called and illegal
timeout. For the last minute we pushed them futher and futher back
into their endzone given another 20 seconds we would of had them.
Gutting.
Analysis from Steve - Against Jedi the success of our zone was partly
our undoing; we'd played little O and everyone was a bit rusty - Jedi
played a hard man D and we struggled to get people open under at
times. Jedi didn't really exploit and overhead discs, so our zone
worked well against them.

We went home and spooned on the bed. Don't tell Jess' boyfriend, he
may be angry.
Saturday Night we acted like the party animals we are got pizza, Jamie
made the cinema put on up in the air, then half of us went to the
party, didn't drink and had fun the other half of us went home, didn't
drink and slept.

Day 2
Steve - Lack of sleep / heavy legs hampered us a bit on day 2, and our
man D and O wasn't quite sharp enough.
Jess - Sunday started well and the first game(she means second) was
the most nail bitting and frustrating game of my life

Game 5 Lazzzzzzzorzzzzzzzzzzzz 10 Fish 2   4
We were just too good for them, a little bit too messy in places and
should have beaten them by more, but with this victory we qualified
for nationals, Yayy!  Also I think this was the game of Jack's pitch
legnth no look scooba.

Game 6 Lazzzzzzzzzzzzzorzzzzzzzzz 11 Pies3 10
We didn't really wake up for this game, Phat eads were extremely
patent around out zone and we didn't deserve to win. We were told to
exploit their lack of height  which we possibly didn't do till the
end. Our Ladies again really stepped things up and probably made the
difference in the end. The last 3 points included a fantastic pick up
from Dave to get us within one point with less than a minute to go. We
turned them over quickly and dave put an extremely floaty disc up
which seemed to take for ever to come down by which point Jamie was
surrounded by smaller phat ead players, Luckly I came down with it
putting us into Sudden Death. Jack forced the turn over and then a
quick disc down the line to myself won us the game. We celebrated in a
fairly unspirited manner but it doesn't matter because we won a game
in sudden death, the first time a york team has done that since me and
Jack arrived. It went to show the fantastic character this team has.

Game 7  Lazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzorzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 7 Fish 9
Fish really stepped it up, Annet had an amazing game as did Sam
Grimshaw.  They worked it though our zone and highlighted our lack of
a plan B on offence if the quick scores did not come off. That being
said some of them did and I am looking forward to taking them on a
Nationals.
Jess - in our third game fish seemed to be thriving from a hangover
and our totally sober and (kinda) well slept team were getting tired
Steve - Rematch vs Fish, combination of them having learnt to hit the
mids and us still being rusty on O imho. I seem to recall a few of our
stall counts getting up / throwaways

Game 8 Lazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzorzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz Halcien 2
We lost this, we shouldn't have. Lola played amazing but the rest of
us let her down I think tired and the chance of getting Div 1 gone we
had lost motivation.
Steve - Game vs Halcyon 2, bit of a cba feeling to last game really,
we ran man D much of it but gave up dumps and swings too easily, need
to cut them off if we are to pressure the throwers.
Jess - after this we flopped slightly but we still qualified and had
some awesome times!

Favourite Moments

Jess - The team seemed to work reli well together and our zone is
fucking awesome. It was also ace to only lose by one point to jedi 1s.
My second fav moment of the weekend was probs a massive spoon /
sleep / listening to jamie beeping session on saturday afternoon and
although some of our team were cop outs and missed the party, it was
awesome (as was george clooney's sexy voice)
Steve layouts were amazing the monorail down the line, and the painful
crunch into the wall in the final game will not be forgotten.
Some brilliant pick ups, especially from Jess Jamie Dan and Dave as
Steve had decided shin height was the perfect height.
Jacks pitch length no look scooba highlights the importance of
talking. There was also a silly point in the last game when I just
went and stood in the end zone and Jack threw me a hammer, we made it
look easy.
Our zone rocked, Dan and Jess worked really hard on chase and never
gave up.
Dave had the fantastic grab pulling us back into the Pies 3 game
followed by the scooba for the draw, added to his 75% cameo
appearances in the easier games.
My favourite throw of the weekend was Steve to Debs, Low release
backhand cross pitch rising to Debs jumping full stretch.
That being said he did try and knock me out by throwing hammers near a
low wooden beam.
So so many good memories tbh. Every bit of the team worked so well,
Rach and Steve playing as really solid handlers with Jack and Dave
taking more risks we got the right balance. Myself Debs Dan Jess and
Lola doing the running, added to the fantastic Zone. Genuinely playing
with this team was the most I've enjoyed my self on the pitch ever.


Summing up
Dave- My thoughts on the weekend. This was a weekend where the club
grew up and proved its place as a top team in the North. Based on a
solid defence, with a zone that was extremely effective against almost
every team at the tournament. If world leaders employed it, then they
could slow down global warming dramatically. Quick thinking and safe
hands meant we were ruthless when we attacked. The big difference
between our team and the other teams were the ladies, who had the
beating of their opposition each game. The team pulled together and
won a stunning sudden death victory over sheffield's Phat'Eds -
probably the most exhilirating experience of my frisbee career so far.
Everyone played really we and as a team we had a laugh and bring on
Nationals!
and the last word from Jess - Even though steve layed out into a wall,
jamie ran into an imaginary wall and jack left his hat at the house of
death, it was an ace weekend and lazoors rock!!!!!!!!!
