s a mishmash of peoples reports from Outdoor regionals, I was going to fit in the gaps but I've realised that I have forgotten most of what happened, see if you can guess who wrote what.

Friday Night
- Lola saw faces in the dark
- We used childish tricks to make people head-butt the wall, most seemed smart enough not to, even Cameron.

At the somewhat unholy time 9am we were faced with what was always going to be an uphill stuggle; Halcyon 1. The aim was to not get bagled and learn to play outdoors again! They were a class apart and, thanks to a point from Womble, we achieved our goals. Halcyon are a tricky team to play on more than a skill level as their style of dealing with calls often leaves a bitter taste in the mouth. This is a real shame because they are an excellent team and fully deserved their win. An intense way to start the day and was good in the sense that we didn't go into more competitive games cold.

There was a really well spirited game against Bangor here, they are lovely, some people did some good things.
 
 A few members of York unwrapped themselves from the comfort of the sleeping bags and prised their tired bodies off the frigid turf whilst others dawdled back from the shops to face the final and most trialling match of the day. Discovering stiff joints and aching limbs at moving, a proper warm-up was crucial. Gathering together we loosened our joints and warmed our limbs with spirited performances of “Have you ever seen a penguin come to tea?”, “monsters”, “penguins”, and the “hokey kokey”, each lead by various enthusiastic team members! (I’m sure to the great amusement of all beholders!)
  
  There were soon 7 on the line rearing to go and determined to dominate the pickup team facing them on the opposite goal line. Both teams rivalled hard for the victory making this our longest match in which was probably our longest point too as we pushed the pickups hard. Several injuries and cramps caused play to pause or prevented people from playing for a few points. It was discovered by Jack that a more nutritious diet than malt loaf was required for Ultimate tournaments, whilst Cameron went on a quest to break his record for the number of layouts in a game causing himself damage but was so determined that York should win he returned again to the battle field as a wounded soldier. As the team tired, our handlers often struggled to find easy passes under and were then forced to throw long to Jamie who had bolted toward our endzone. This tactic often paid off with a little additional working of the disc up the pitch and a score! However, with Nadav and others shouting from the sidelines, cuts soon came sprinting toward the disc enabling a good flow of play and some amazing points.
   
   At half we gathered for an inspirational talk, yet as the pickup team pulled closer to our score we feared they might overtake us. Nevertheless, at 11-9 with a cap of 12, we worked hard, united in determination to take victory for York. Working the disc patiently up the pitch, we waited for the opportune moment which arrived when (Jamie?) made a sharp cut into the endzone and the disc sliced through the air into his hands! Score! Win! And a holding of our seeding!Jubilating York players then wearily retreated to the showers and the bus after a day of Ultimate, fun, daftness, hard work, and immense camaraderie! Awesome play, fab day! =D

 
 After a long hard day playing frizbo, york ultimate decided to maintain their reputation of not going to parties and spent the evening in the living room of marvelous mike's house. The slightly depleted team only contained the truely hard core players who were cool enough not to have better places to be. We chilled out massively by watching zoolander and eating pizza /curry (or both if your name is Cameron and you're a massive pig). The film was entertaining, even though simon fell asleep and i cant remeber any funny quotes from it (im sure there were some). H from steps would say that it probs wasn't a tragedy and Steve the Pirate would say it was not like the films in his day but it suited our team nicely. We bonded greatly, even discovering about racheal's antics in the sports tent with a certain someone, and the beauty sleep prepared us well for the upcoming vday and fizbo activities!

 We had a good game against DUF, they won but we really really pushed them, like a lot of the other games we just didn't have the subs to keep running to the end of the game. I think there were really nice Steve to Cameron throws, perhaps via Dave. Lets be fair I'm making this up. 

 So, straight from our game vs DUF we are back on the pitch against Pies 2. The first point of this game is very scrappy with York struggling to move upfield vs Pies' zone and Pies play on O looking very unsecure, several turns from both teams eventually sees Pies finally manage to work a gap in our endzone to take an early lead. Some strong words from Jamie and Coach Nadav sees a lot more discipline from York on the next point to level things up. We trade points, then turn them and put in a score to take the lead. Pies initial extra energy from having a game rest seems to be waning, and by now we have worked out that Jamie, Cameron and Chris have the beating of any of their players both long and in the air, so Steve in particular decides to bring the forehand roll-curves out of the locker and makes a number of break side assists as York take a 6-3 lead at the half. York continue to come out strong in the second half, with Indoors too getting in on the act for long hucks. Our host from Mixed Regionals, Dave, is unlucky with a great layout bid as he lands on the line as he makes the grab. Womble gets accused of being a dangerous player as he makes a block with his feet because there was Rosie from Pies close behind him. BEHIND HIM! How is he meant to be able to see her?!? Having said that, about 30secs later Chris (I think) promptly ran through her. Go York spirit! ;) York's comepleted hucks and good pressure on D eventually prove the difference as we run out 13-6 winners over Pies 2.

 I think we played fish here, we will batter them at Roses, but we didn't here.

 After an exhausting weekend, the remnant of the team dragged their tired limbs onto the pitch for one last game. The opponents really didn't fancy it, offering to lower the cap as the light faded. The Halcyon team were fast and skilful, though they relied mainly on dodgy hucks to their quick guys. The York team were pretty much exactly the same by this stage. Steve was still pulling out insane pitch length discs, whilst Indoors (me) tried to copy him - I generally failed, but thanks to Nadav for filming my highlights package! Cameron, who had described himself as a dog, kept on chasing down big discs, as did Jamie, despite now running on empty. Jess appeared to turn into the bionic woman for this match as she made the first cut for pretty much every throw and got Ds on all of their quickest players. Every player gave their all, and as evening fell, the team could hold their weary heads high. We all warmed down by doing that penguin dance. Halcyon were bemused.

 A slightly depleted, tired, yet happy York team made there way back towards the train station in the fading light....to be met by MACDONALDS (yay!), and well, whatever you think of good ole Macdo, if you're as hungry as I was then it sure does taste good :D. We hopped onto the train (or hobbled on more like- shout out for BHS!..), then bumped into resevoir discs at Picadilly (lots of 'paddy' shouts followed) before speeding our way back to York.....I was actually half-asleep most of the way so haven't got much more to add...tho I believe we did marvel at Lola's stuntcock abilities at some point....then home sweet home...shower, food, zzzzzzzzz.


 Captain's Thoughts.

 The weekend was amazing. We kept our heads up and despite lacking substitutes we played like there were 20 of us. It was amazing to see 9 people trying to get on the line in the middle of the last game, despite nearly all of us being injured and everyone being absolutely knackered. It was one of those moments I think will stick with me.
 The team spirit really impressed me too, staying in the one room on the friday night, it was the closest a York Team has seemed , some great banter (Oi Oi) and I think everyone had a really good time. 
 A Great team to be a part of, and I'd like to thank everyone. Really happy memories. I am so proud to be a penguin.

 Staring In Order of Appearance. 

 Laura - Constantly managed to get free, constantly caught the disk, and with consistent throws as well. Having made York's boys look foolish for every training session as far back as I can remember, she did the same to the whole region.   

 Steve (MVP) - Our Most Valuable Player, antique levels of value. Highlights  are countless but included a lay out D, Roll curves without the wind and sulking off the pitch after I made him play chase. We literally couldn't have done without him and was fantastic at organising the team both from deep and on the lines whilst I was too busy blubbering 'motivational' drivel.

 Jack - Had a brilliant first day and we missed him on the Sunday. Perhaps needs a more varied tournament diet but It didn't affect his play, well up until the debilitating cramp. Really safe and built upon his sting of MVP performances at winter leagues with some fantastic long disks as well. Great presence off the pitch and a good calculator of odds.

 Womble - Scored our point against Halcyon and decided to bask in his glory by being unable to stand and then being sick. True team player stuck around and delivered a fine performance on the second day including an amazing layout  psych out  against fish. Taught us all to be penguins.

 H from Steps - There was no Tragedy in this performance. Has Improved more in the last 2 months and in the preceding year, both me and Womble put this down to our individual efforts in captaining the boy but in truth he's really been putting the effort into training and you can see the results on the pitch. Really calm on the disk even when the stall count was going 5,6,7,8. Messing up was the Last Thing on his Mind ...... Sorry these Steps Puns are probably Better Best Forgotten.
  Both Handled and played as a Mid Brilliantly and if he continues to improve at this rate will be an astonishing good player by the time he graduates. 

  Rachel - Too short. Needs to be taller. Other than that played fantastically, talky enough to call all the switches and handled really safely. Broke any force but before her and for some reason decided to run into the endzone a couple of times and caught some disks scored some points. Made it all look a little to easy for us deeps to be happy.

  Lola - Fantastic V cuts and great positioning on D Really had her Frisbee Brain screwed on. Played to match her claims about how much she loves outdoors. On the downside wouldn't let me name the team Fritzel's Basement Warriors, spoil sport. Made up for it with some fantastic Stuntcock moments, Its like you can see people but in the dark. 

  Jess - Ran and Ran and Ran and Ran and Ran and Ran. Some brilliant undercuts especially in the later games, I distinctly remember more than once feeling that I might have to run under and feeling extremely grateful when Jess went to get the disk. Thank you! Great for team spirit as always, just the right amount of mouthiness. Head-butted my foot. 

  Cameron - Chased down everything. Scored so so so many points, absolutly massive target for Jack Steve & Dave to huck wildly at, the majority of which he came down with. Gave 100% then just kept giving. I hope you have recovered by now! 

  Chris - Improved 1000% over the weekend and he wasn't to shabby to begin with! Started as the Chris we had come to know and love quick determined but a little panicy on the disk, ended quick determined and throwing 20 meter forehand and backhands where ever he wanted, breaking forces as he went. Complete revolution. His determination really spurred me on as well, his commitment and effort on the pitch is an inspiration.

  Indoors Dave - Sent me a text saying he might give it a miss to give others more pitch time, this made me very angry, luckly there was another text on my phone saying he had changed his mind, this made me very happy. Played fantasticly as an energetic all running all catching all throwing mid, surrounded by wery legs, broke through zones practically by himself with lots of give and gos. Made all the difference in the world to have him on the second day. 

  Nadav - Coach and professional sideliner, put as much effort into cheering as we did into running, inspired myself and the team to keep going till the end and taught Chris to throw. Said a couple of unrepeatable things and generally acted like Nadav, which is what we love him for.



  The Fish game: 

  Grudge match time. York vs Fish. Having finished higher than them at mixed and beaten them on the second try, York were playing it their hardest with some phenomenal pulls and hucks from Steve, with great work from players such as Jamie et al. Possibly suffering from a lack of Jack, York played hard and fast, but with great handler work and fantastic cuts from the mids we took the lead and worked hard to keep it, resulting in a victory against York in a highly spirited game, which sadly couldn’t have ended with a call as our next game was ready to begin.

  Written by Charles  (Fish Captain) 
  So swap the We for They 

