UMIN 2010 Team Report

What a fantastic weekend! Full of dizzying highs and devastating lows, pure jubilation and agonizing pain. Having travelled up to Glasgow on the Friday night amidst a flurry of playing cards and dissertation work, we arrived in sunny Glasgow and immediately your faithful reporter bumped into a fellow Teessider. He was extremely drunk but served to make sure we had a friendly welcome to Scotland’s Birmingham! 
Anyway, on with the fun stuff...

Team Sheet
Jamie ‘J-Monster’ Abernethy (Mixed Captain)
Debs ‘Mother’ Sharpe (Women’s Captain)
Steve ‘The Pirate’ Eyre
Dan ‘Junkie’ Peet
Cameron ‘C-man’ Diaz-Godfrey
Jess ‘Bon-Bon’ Bonham
Rachel ‘Spanners’ McCulloch
Lola ‘Ponyo’ Denham
Jack ‘Your faithful reporter’ Mills

Game 1 – York 7 UBU2 5
This was a great way to start the tournament. From the first point it was obvious that their man D was strong and was going to cause problems. Fortunately, two early points from J-Monster (Jamie) secured a lead that was to hold to the end of the game. It was good to start the tournament with a win and did wonders for our confidence. Highlights included a stupidly long, horizontal layout from your faithful reporter to make up for a bullet of a hammer from Steve that was nowhere near where he intended! We also had a five point haul from captain J-Monster, some excellent handling from Steve the Pirate and Spanners (Rachel) and the return of the zone!
Game 2 – York 10 Blaze 5
We went into this game with a degree of uncertainty as to how we would fair against the perennially strong Scottish teams. What started out as a close game soon became a battering as our zone proved its flexibility and our O put on a clinic of one-pass-score plays. The scoober was most definitely on for your faithful reporter and Steve the Pirate!) Highlights included Ponyo (Lola) and Bon-Bon (Jess) playing the best this reporter has ever seen them play. Bon-Bon was scoring for fun cutting like a pro, Ponyo was everywhere all the time and even went to ground to take one point! Also, who could forget J-Monster throwing an assist that travelled more than four metres! However, this was not the end of our battle with Blaze.
Game 3 – York 6 Holloway 2
A game of high importance due to Ponyo’s best friend Erin being in the opposition. It was a well-spirited game and, as seems typical, we saw a lot less of the disc than they did. However, some more clinical O and a shut-down of their dump and swing handler plays saw us pull away and hold off and attempted comeback at the end. Highlights included the chase of J-Monster and Junkie (Dan) which was tireless and terrifying to say the least, as well as low-release scoober score from Steve the Pirate. We started to notice cracks in our O play in this game and there was concern as to whether we would be able to sort them.

Game 4 – York 6 Surrey 4
For this reporter this was the most satisfying victory of the weekend. At stake was first seed of the tournament and complete dominance of the pool; neither team was going to give up without a fight. We took an early lead only to lose it again after some calm play on their part. Thankfully our zone adapted to their style of play (again!) and we found another gear to take it away by the end. Their captain was tricky to play against due to a bit of an attitude problem and a degree of self-adoration. This aside, it was a great game with highlights including Steve macking to himself down the line for a score, your faithful reporter skying a man of similar height with what felt like a two foot jump (!) and the look on their captain’s face when they lost. 
This victory meant we finished the day as top seed for Nationals Division 2, a worryingly high position that meant we had a great Saturday evening meal together feeling very smug with our day’s work
Game 5 – York 7 Dark Horses 8
Devastating, absolutely devastating is the only way to describe this game. They played very well against our zone and our O looked rusty to say the least. We traded for most of the game and managed to lose a two point lead and concede the losing point in the last second! Knowing we could no longer finish in the top four hurt, nearly as much as taking a knee to an already bruised ribcage during a layout and being unable to breathe or support your own weight. But enough moaning; it’s always a pleasure to play well-spirited competitive Ultimate. Highlights included some frighteningly accurate long throws and a never-say-die attitude.
Game 6 – York 13 Random Fling 4
Fling were the unlucky recipients of the pent-up fury of the game before. They couldn’t handle our zone and we were scoring for fun. This felt really good after the disappointment of the game before. In winning we also secured a finishing position higher than our initial seed. This was Debs’ game of the weekend; beating people in the air, putting in assists and generally bringing her A-game. Your faithful reporter battled through pain, an act which, at the time of writing, he is regretting due to the phenomenal pain in his ribcage. (Note to self: Don’t lay-out if you’re feeling delicate!) The biggest highlight of the game for this reporter was the flow of the O, something we had struggled with all weekend, but in this game was fluid and dangerous!

Game 7 – York 7 Blaze 8
This was a slightly frustrating way to end the weekend. Another game only lost by a point. We seem to suffer playing teams twice in a weekend as they learn how best to play against our zone and if our O isn’t red hot then we struggle to outscore them. This aside, it was a fun game against a genuinely nice bunch of Scottish people. High/lowlight/the only thing I can remember from the game was J-Monster shouting “Stay chilly! No risks!” only for Steve to throw a bullet-fast blade about two yards that nearly sliced Debs’ hands off! “Does he just not listen to me?” said an incredulous J-Monster. 
The train journey home was hysterical. I feel it can only be summarised in individual words. Here goes: “Ship!” “Shipoy!” “TEEF! TEEF! TEEF!”

Individual Analysis
J-Monster (Joint-MVB) – A strong weekend from captain fantastic. A points machine from game 1 through game 7. Hugely reliable in the air and always making yourself available in space. From a handler’s point of view that is an invaluable attribute. Great captaining throughout the weekend as well; keeping spirits high and making numerous calls which proved to be good ones. It was also good to see you pushing yourself as a player and calling yourself to handle in a couple of points. Constructive criticisms: Get confident enough to throw long discs accurately, this will open up your game massively and make you an even better player. This reporter’s highlight: Double happiness to start the weekend!
Steve the Pirate (Joint MVB) – Another tournament, another stand out performance from our favourite buccaneer! Invaluable commitment, ingenuity and tactical authority were no small part of your MVB vote. I never tire of your low release scoobers, they are insane but seem to work! Constructive criticisms: you know you’re all-round game is excellent but if I was really nit-picking then I would say don’t get stuck in a low backhand pivot so often because it seems to slow your breakside throws down by half a second. (I told you I was nit-picking!) This reporter’s highlight: Running down the line and macking to yourself for a score!

Mother (MVG) – You could tell you wanted to play well this weekend. Solid cutting all weekend and stepping up to handle when called upon. You’re a proper Frisbee player Debs with a strong all-round game and a fantastic head for where you should be and when. Constructive criticisms: Having a positive mental attitude from the first point of game one and not waiting to feel like you’ve proven yourself for the day will mean you play every game like you did against Fling. Have confidence in the fact that you can play this game! This reporter’s highlight: watching you bring down point after point against Fling.
Junkie – Fella, you’ve always been a D-machine but this weekend you stepped it up a notch. Outstanding chase all weekend and we know you’ve really put in a shift when you’re lying on the sideline gasping for breath; it takes a lot to do that! You look more and more comfortable on the disc as well which is great to see. Constructive criticisms: Push yourself harder with the shots you take on and you will become a real threat. This reporter’s highlight: the look in those manic eyes when you really want a point block!

C-man – Well done on coming into an established team and doing exactly what was required of you. You chased ferociously, sidelined enthusiastically and put your body on the line for the team, love it. Constructive criticisms: keep listening and learning about O structures and cutting to make yourself even more threatening. This reporter’s highlight: Watching you score points looking like you’ve been doing this for years!
Ponyo – The best I’ve seen you play since I’ve known you. The more game time you get under your belt the more confidently you play and the better you are. Delightful. In terms of making the right cuts, you are one of the most reliable players on the team. Constructive criticisms: get yourself free on the openside as often as you are on the breakside. This will make you an even more potent threat. This reporter’s highlight: I’m torn between the point you scored going to ground and the sneaky ninja point. Both were a joy. 

Spanners – What a handler. Reliable, breaks people for fun, hard-working, everything you need. You’ve established yourself as an integral part of this team and are key to making us work. Constructive criticisms: your forehand is metronomic, if you can get your backhand and hammers to come out as regularly and accurately you will be officially too good! This reporter’s highlight: The determination not to be beaten in the air when you found yourself in the corner during four on the line. It even worked a few times!!
Bon-Bon – The soul of the team. This weekend would not have been the same without you. You’re turning into a handy player as evidenced by your increasingly strong force and effective cutting. Constructive criticisms: feel as comfortable throwing a forehand as a backhand and learn to take discs going over your head and you will be a more complete player. This reporter’s highlight: being able to look up as a handler and, no matter who we were playing, seeing you charging down the pitch three yards free of your marker.

our faithful reporter – I’ll try and give myself an honest assessment of my weekend’s performance. Throughout the weekend I managed to mix moments of inspiration with moments of mediocrity! One point I would lay out score or pitch length hammer to within six inches of where I wanted it to be only to make a silly drop or a poor handling decision in the next. Therefore my constructive criticism to myself is to take the short option more often (a la Jamie and I’s handler point vs. Fling) and to stay calmer under pressure. This reporter’s highlight of himself: I can’t look very far beyond the layout in the first game.

General Reflections

This was a great weekend where everyone gave 100% the whole time. The fact that we won Spirit reflects brilliantly on what has become a fantastic group of players and my all-time favourite team to play on! Thank you for making my Nationals experience so special.

Jack (Socks!) 

